README.md, before:

# dotnet-ecs-sample
This is the Feature branch 1 code
This is a sample ASP.NET Core Web API project designed to demonstrate a full CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions and deployment to AWS ECS.

## 🚀 Project Overview
- ASP.NET Core Web API (.NET 8)
- Dockerized for container deployment
- GitHub Actions for CI/CD
- AWS ECS (Fargate) for hosting

## 📋 Prerequisites
- .NET SDK 8.0
- Docker
- GitHub account
- AWS account with ECS and ECR setup

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dotnet-ecs-sample.git
   cd dotnet-ecs-sample
   ```
2. Restore dependencies:
   ```bash
   dotnet restore
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   dotnet build
   ```
4. Run the application:
   ```bash
   dotnet run
   ```
   Access the API at `http://localhost:5000/weatherforecast`

## 🐳 Docker Usage
1. Build the Docker image:
   ```bash
   docker build -t dotnet-ecs-sample .
   ```
2. Run the container:
   ```bash
   docker run -p 5000:80 dotnet-ecs-sample
   ```

## ⚙️ GitHub Actions CI/CD Pipeline
The workflow includes:
- Build and test the application
- Code and security scanning using CodeQL
- Build and push Docker image to Amazon ECR
- Deploy to AWS ECS using task definition

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

SCRUM-29 Added branch protection for commit and PR Title
* SCRUM-29 Feature 1 to main merges

* SCRUM-29 Add the new code

* SCRUM-29 Fix login bug

* SCRUM-29 Added new commit integration and updated the md file

* SCRUM-29 corrected the code

* SCRUM-29 updated the intention

* SCRUM-29 change the commit check

* SCRUM-29 Revert the changes sub folder reusable workflow will not work

* SCRUM-29 removed the sub folder for reusable workflows

* SCRUM-29 added needs for Codeql-scan

* SCRUM-29 Updated base_branch Feature-branchProtection

* SCRUM-29 Added the pull request types

README.md, after:

# dotnet-ecs-sample
This is the Feature branch 1 code
This is a sample ASP.NET Core Web API project designed to demonstrate a full CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions and deployment to AWS ECS.

## 🚀 Project Overview
- ASP.NET Core Web API (.NET 8)
- Dockerized for container deployment
- GitHub Actions for CI/CD
- AWS ECS (Fargate) for hosting

## 📋 Prerequisites
- .NET SDK 8.0
- Docker
- GitHub account
- AWS account with ECS and ECR setup

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/dotnet-ecs-sample.git
   cd dotnet-ecs-sample
   ```
2. Restore dependencies:
   ```bash
   dotnet restore
   ```
3. Build the project:
   ```bash
   dotnet build
   ```
4. Run the application:
   ```bash
   dotnet run
   ```
   Access the API at `http://localhost:5000/weatherforecast`

## 🐳 Docker Usage
1. Build the Docker image:
   ```bash
   docker build -t dotnet-ecs-sample .
   ```
2. Run the container:
   ```bash
   docker run -p 5000:80 dotnet-ecs-sample
   ```

## ⚙️ GitHub Actions CI/CD Pipeline
The workflow includes:
- Build and test the application
- Code and security scanning using CodeQL
- Build and push Docker image to Amazon ECR
- Deploy to AWS ECS using task definition

## 📖 Commit Message Policy

To keep our codebase clean and traceable, **all commit messages must follow the Jira format**:

### ✅ Format
<Jira-Issue-Key>: <Meaningful Commit Message>

### ✅ Examples
- `JIRA-123: Fix login bug when password is empty`
- `JIRA-456: Add validation for email field`

### ❌ Invalid Examples (will be rejected)
- `Fix login bug`
- `update code`
- `Jira: changes done`

---

## ⚙️ Git Hook Enforcement

We enforce commit message rules using a **commit-msg Git hook**.

- If your commit message does not include a Jira issue key and proper description, the commit will be **rejected**.  
- This ensures developers don’t need to duplicate comments in Jira.  

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
